docs: Rework "Programmatically rendering components" section with @defer mention (#59301)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/components/programmatic-rendering.md

Tip: This guide assumes you've already read the [Essentials Guide](essentials). Read that first if you're new to Angular.

> In addition to using a component directly in a template, you can also dynamically render components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to using a component directly in a template, you can also render components programmatically. This is helpful for situations when a component is unknown initially (thus can not be referenced in a template directly) and it depends on some conditions.
```

> The main way to dynamically render a component: in a template with `NgComponentOutlet`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two main ways to render a component programmatically: in a template using `NgComponentOutlet`,
or in your TypeScript code using `ViewContainerRef`. 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

HELPFUL: for lazy-loading use-cases (for example if you want to delay loading of a heavy component), consider using the built-in [`@defer` feature](/guide/templates/defer) instead. The `@defer` feature allows the code of any components, directives, and pipes inside the `@defer` block to be extracted into separate JavaScript chunks automatically and loaded only when necessary, based on the configured triggers.
```

See the [NgComponentOutlet API reference](api/common/NgComponentOutlet) for more information on the
directive's capabilities.

> ## Using ViewContainerRef

Reviewer: I think we can revert this.

> You can use conjunction between `NgComponentOutlet` and deferred loading with `@defer`, to
> render components that are lazy-loaded with a standard
> JavaScript [dynamic import](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/import).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HELPFUL: if you want to lazy-load some components, you may consider using the built-in [`@defer` feature](/guide/templates/defer) instead.

If your use-case is not covered by the `@defer` feature, you can use either `NgComponentOutlet` or `ViewContainerRef` with a standard
JavaScript [dynamic import](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/import).
```
